'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' sounded like it would be a great film from the get go. Although Quentin Tarantino's films have been spotty in recent years, his best work such as 'Reservoir Dogs' and especially 'Pulp Fiction' are masterpieces. The cast consists of many immensely talented actors. It looked great from the advertising and who cannot help resist that title. That it was one of the year's most positively received films further added to the interest.Although it is not quite perfect, 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' to me was as great as hoped. One of Tarantino's best in direction, writing and as a film as an overall whole in recent years, towards the better end of his filmography and one of 2019's best films, its positive reception richly deserved. It is unmistakable Tarantino in a good way and a great representation of the cast, with many giving some of their best work in recent years.Will start with the very, very few things that didn't quite come off for my tastes. Some of the pace, especially for a film as long as it was, could have tightened and not every scene felt necessary. Actually would have trimmed some or all of Sharon Tate in the cinema, regardless of how beguiling the production values and Margot Robbie's (that smile is a beauty) acting were.Did think too that the Bruce Lee caricature and encounter were quite tasteless and anybody who was offended can't be blamed.That sounds like a film worth a 7 or 8 out of 10. The good things though were so amazing and the film was in a different league to a lot of films released this year that to me awarding 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' either of those scores felt too low. It looks wonderful, dazzlingly shot with shots filled to the brim with atmosphere, stylishly edited with a lovingly recreated period. Tarantino directs with great confidence and his distinctive style is all over it. The music is used sparingly, but the music choices are very effective when used. Particularly so the quite sinister use of "Twelve Thirty" in a scene that already makes one feel unnerved.Script has the hard-boiled edge necessary and has entertainment and intensity. A word of warning, there is a lot of profanity (am mentioning this because this is something that bothers people) but to me it didn't feel as gratuitous as feared. Some pacing issues aside, the story is often absorbing and is quite nostalgic and daring with expert melding of fact and fiction. A few great scenes are everything to do with the making of the western with Rick and the girl (fans of classic-era westerns will enjoy it, likewise anybody with super fond memories of episodic television), Cliff's truly chilling encounter at the Spahn Movie Ranch and the splendidly over the top (and extremely violent just to warn you) finale in true Tarantino style.Found the characters to be interesting, with Rick and Cliff being quite meaty roles. The acting is exemplary, Leonardo DiCaprio is charisma and intensity personified and Brad Pitt, here the epitome of cool, has not been this good in years. Margot Robbie is absolutely radiant with a smile that lights up the screen. Bruce Dern, Damian Lewis and Al Pacino provide delicious support in small roles. In conclusion, the odd pacing issue and one tasteless scene aside this was a great film. 9/10